and me
What happened friends from 7 to 5 soles deals
extra with boyfriend for the channel and good
guys because today I bring you the
snow that we have finally here in
7 to 5 and we can enjoy the snow
the truth that cool a lot and good
we can also enjoy the
theme of throwing snowballs
those that good is already teaching you in
some videos and others that good the
last time I showed you this so
I made in play 3 using a blue that
It put me on alleyways but good now
and we can all enjoy
them and the truth is that it is quite
fun the issue of non-political strips
of snow, as you can see, I also have
explosive snowballs like those of
before but good that's a grenade launcher
You already know it will implement by trolling a
little abel and well then that the way of
pick up the snowballs is very very
easy what we have to do is
just press the left arrow
of your command and collect three balls
It's worth every time you pick up the pick up
always three balls and we can have
up to a maximum of nine balls good
whenever we run out then we go back
to hit the little arrow and as you can see
he picks them up again and the truth is that
pretty much the subject of throwing balls
of snow especially try to aim the
head that is the laugh when you give to
someone
to the ground and good guys just that
and wish you a merry Christmas thanks to
all for this time that we take
together in the channel and well then if you
you just entered because good every
new subscribers always arrive
Well, if you are new, thank you very much
also for trusting me and welcome
to the channel and well just wish
a happy holiday that organizes if
Have a good time with family as well
that nothing guys just leave you with a
mini gameplay that we have recorded pulling
the snowballs and so on so that what
you see and if you liked it you already know like
favorites subscribe reach not what
are you see us in the next video a
greeting guys and goodbye
to the deal
do not
Hello
crouched down to catch the most elusive ball
life
leave the power
He died of Frank as he is dead
these
the one that has a lot of life
let's go man
but I do not give you in the calculation and take
my feet kills me when balls
wholesalers
my vote my vote can not be taken
new reasons
it's my life
all
beautiful real
your son
with little more than long-time advantage
tuma lad
Y
as the data
to